Hello, let's try my readers
blog today's video lesson will be
dedicated to creating gif animation from video
video in particular to
make an animated avatar blog on
live journal platform
in order to make animated
avatar riga animation we need
appropriate and special video
a program called avi software
with video converter, for starters, we
download
video of my case i will download
video clip with michael jordan
so that we download it from youtube before
the word youtube we add 2 bps and
press enter after that we have
throws to a third-party site where we
choose the desired video format I
remove in 4 after this happens
download and so the video is downloaded for
convenience of dragging to the desktop
after that we go to the site of weights dot com
and download when we find the video converter
downloads tab
download the program
install the free video program
converter in English but for
order to deal with the program for
her language is not necessarily here we are
choose the path and where we will be us
stored our programs here i choose
Based on the desktop icon only.
installed programs first thing that us
need to do it add our here
video click on this tab and
add a video to
select the segment of the video, and we
trim it go to tab
editing here is special
sliders with which you can choose
the segment we need
Next, set the window size and leave
garbage on 700 and press ok
then we go to the profile tab flash
video and picture
and gif picture no less jeff format
Further we go settings here we expose
the size of our gif animation as we
we will create gif animation for avatar
we set the size 128 to 96 also
set frame rate
I put up 3 fps nothing more slept
do not touch click ok after settings
we press start and occurs occurs
converting video here we can
see what we did
now with the left mouse button we just
we throw our gif animation on
Desktop
now let's find out the size of our image
right click on herringbone gif animation
properties as we see many animation
It turned out to be 8 kilobytes
to upload to userpic
animated live journal
we need to make it so our gif
the animation didn't exceed 40 kilobytes for
order for us to edit our gif
animation go to the website online image
editor dot com here we choose our
file to edit
put a tick
resize and choose sku on
how many percent will we cut our
animation i clean 60 percent after
What I click on the stronghold as we see
the size of us turned out 36 halves lab
what suits us here we can also
cut our gif animation I say
don't like black stripes i want them
trim the fish with scissors and start
edit
further click apply and now we all
just dragging our gif animation
On the desktop, look at the properties of 3310
kilobyte further we go live journal
main profile management commas
choose our file from the game at the very bottom
we see our animated avatar
the box did the default either
leave it to those records
which we need to go home
or knife Matar's so pretty
simple way you can do gif
avatar on this video finish just
good bye